[Datadog] - update docs to reflect changes in integration (#1356)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/apm-alerting/datadog.md

            updatedAt: .modified_at | todate
          relations:
            monitors: .monitor_ids | map(tostring)
            services: >-
              .monitor_tags + .tags | map(select(startswith("service:"))) |
              unique | map(split(":")[1])
```
:::tip Service Relation

> Based on the [best practices for tagging infrastructure](https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/tagging-best-practices/), the default JQ maps SLOs to services using tags that starts with the `service` keyword

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the [best practices for tagging infrastructure](https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/tagging-best-practices/), the default mapping connects SLOs to services using tags that starts with the `service` keyword.
```
